#Codebook
==========

##'train_test' dataset generated by run_analyis.R
(named as 'tidy_dataset1.txt' while exporting out of R)
###Note on how measurements were made for the variables in this dataset

The features selected for this database come from the accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ. 
These time domain signals (prefix 't' to denote time) were captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz. The acceleration signal was then separated into body and gravity 
acceleration signals (tBodyAcc-XYZ and tGravityAcc-XYZ). 

Subsequently, the body linear acceleration and angular velocity were derived in time to obtain Jerk signals (tBodyAccJerk-XYZ and tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ). Also the 
magnitude of these three-dimensional signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm (tBodyAccMag, tGravityAccMag, tBodyAccJerkMag, tBodyGyroMag,
tBodyGyroJerkMag). 
Finally a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) was applied to some of these signals producing fBodyAcc-XYZ, fBodyAccJerk-XYZ, fBodyGyro-XYZ, fBodyAccJerkMag,
fBodyGyroMag, fBodyGyroJerkMag. (Note the 'f' to indicate frequency domain signals).

- - -
###Variables in this dataset: 69 in all
**1. Id variables: 'Subject_number', 'Activity_Id', ' Activity_Label'**  

Subject_number: It is an indentity number for the subjects on which this experiment was performed. It ranges from 1-30.   

Activity_Id: It is an ID for the kind of activity that the subject was performing. It ranges from 1-6.  

Activity_label: It is a label for the acitvity performed by the subject where  
1: Indicates walking  
2: Indicates walking upstairs  
3: Indicates walking downstairs  
4: Indicates sitting  
5: Indicates standing   
6: Indicates laying  



**2. Measure variables: 'Features'**

As per the requirement of this project, only those features which extract the mean and standard deviation for each measurement are to be used.
Therefore, for the purpose of this analysis, you will find only those features having "mean()" and std()" in it, they sum up to **66 variables** in all. 
'-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions:

tBodyAcc-mean()-XYZ  
tGravityAcc-mean()-XYZ  
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-XYZ  
tBodyGyro-mean()-XYZ  
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-XYZ  
tBodyAccMag-mean()  
tGravityAccMag-mean()  
BodyAccJerkMag-mean()  
tBodyGyroMag-mean()  
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()  
fBodyAcc-mean()-XYZ  
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-XYZ  
fBodyGyro-mean()-XYZ  
fBodyAccMag-mean()  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()  
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()  
tBodyAcc-std()-XYZ  
tGravityAcc-std()-XYZ  
tBodyAccJerk-std()-XYZ  
tBodyGyro-std()-XYZ  
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-XYZ  
tBodyAccMag-std()  
tGravityAccMag-std()  
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()  
tBodyGyroMag-std()  
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()  
fBodyAcc-std()-XYZ  
fBodyAccJerk-std()-XYZ  
fBodyGyro-std()-XYZ  
fBodyAccMag-std()  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()  
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()  

